---
title: "SAIT Assingment -Blog1"
excerpt: "school assginment for blog 1 "

categories:
  - AWS
tags:
  - AWS
last_modified_at: 2022-02-08
---

# What is Amazon Web Services

The Aws system is the most widely adopted cloud platform as of 2021.  In addition, Aws offers far more services and in-service capabilities than other cloud providers, from infrastructure technologies such as computing, storage, and databases to new technologies such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lake and analysis, and the Internet of Things. This allows you to move existing applications to the cloud faster, easier, and more economically and build almost anything imaginable.



# What is clould

In short, cloud service is a service that stores all of the software on a super-large, high-performance computer connected to the Internet and can be used whenever necessary.  In general, in order to increase storage space, hard, which is storage space, is purchased on a local computer.  In addition, in order to use stored hardware, you must always have it physically.  However, with cloud services, you can conveniently use the information you have saved (documents, videos, etc.) as long as you connect to the Internet anywhere, regardless of location, even if you don't have physical hardware.

# Why we need for learn AWS.

Amazon Cloud Service is the most widely used in the world as of last year. The fact that it is used by many companies means that we have more opportunities to get a job.




# What do you need before learning AWS?

First of all, you have to create an account on the aws site.  However, if you sign up on a site that comes out when you type AWS on Google, AWS ask for a credit card  information during subscription.  If you press the wrong button after signing up,<u> you will be charged a fee </u>.
Therefore, we <strong> should use other sites.</strong>  
If you sign up using [AWS educate](https://aws.amazon.com/education/awseducate/?nc1=h_ls)  site, you will not require information on credit cards for students.


# Aws  Certification

Aws is issuing certificates through its own tests.

 Certificate grades are classified as follows.
- Foundational.
- Associate. 
- Professional.
- Specialty.

 It is divided into the following fields.
- Basic.
- Architect.
- Developer.
- Operations
- Specialty.

Each must have experience to take the test before 2018, but the pre-test conditions have been abolished since 2018. If you're confident, let's try it.
More information on the certificate can be found by following the link.

[AWS Certifivation](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/exams/?nc1=h_ls)






